MOLLY
Valerie, share that with Anthony, please.
MEGAN
Share, buddy.
LAUREL
Oh, Tomothy wants milk, I can tell. I gotta go breastfeed him.
MOLLY
Oh, I didn't know you were still breastfeeding.
LAUREL
I know, yeah, he's a lot older than I thought he would be to still be breastfeeding but...
nothing about having a baby has gone the way I've expected it to...
(flashback music)
1980s LAUREL
If I have a baby, I'm gonna nurse it no more than six months. It's about getting back to my life!
MOLLY/MEGAN
Totally! / For sure!
(flash forward music)
TOMOTHY (Offscreen)
Mom! Milk!
LAUREL
Okay, Tomothy. Coming! I'll be right back.
MOLLY
Ugh, I can tell Valerie's getting cranky. You know what, I'm going to go turn the TV on.
MEGAN
Good idea. It's the best babysitter ever, isn't it?
MOLLY
(sighs) Yeah.
(flashback music)
1980s MOLLY
All I know is, when I have a baby that kid is never watching TV.
In fact, they're not getting any screen time at all.
MEGAN/LAUREL (laugh)
What's screen time?
(flash forward music)
MOLLY
All good, I also gave her my iPad and my phone, just in case.
LAUREL
We're all set.
MEGAN
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. I think Anthony just pulled Valerie's hair.
MOLLY
Oh...
MEGAN
Let me go take care of this.
LAUREL
What is that for?
MEGAN
Oh... the only way Anthony will let me discipline him is if I'm dressed as Santa.
(flashback music)
1980s MEGAN
When I have kids, I'm not doing that whole Santa thing. First of all, Santa is so creepy,
second of all, parents who rely on using Santa
to discipline their children are so pathetic.
It's like, set some boundaries on your own,
people!
LAUREL/MOLLY (snoring)
MEGAN
Anthony you don't want to get on Santa's naughty list, do you? Ho ho ho!
MOLLY
I'll tell you what, if I ever have another kid,the one thing I will never do again is flashbacks.
LAUREL
Yeah!
(flashback music starts then stops)